test/e2e_node_windows: Add Windows node-level e2e tests (#138235)
kubernetes/kubernetes: test/e2e_node_windows/README.md

# Windows Node End-To-End (e2e) tests

Node e2e tests are component tests meant for testing the Kubelet code on a custom host environment,

>  They are now supported on the Windows platform and can be executed locally; however, Windows support 

Reviewer: nit: reflecting history is not very important in readme.

```suggestion
Node e2e tests are component tests meant for testing the Kubelet code on a custom single-host environment with the fake api server running on the same host.

This directory include tests on the Windows platform and can be executed locally. The test framework and set of tests are replicating the non-Windows tests under [e2e_node](../e2e-node), however, Windows support 
```

Author: will update

 is still in the early stage, and not all tests are supported yet.
 Remote execution is planned as the next step.

> *Note: There is no scheduler running. The e2e tests have to do manual scheduling, e.g. by using `framework.PodClient`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: There is no scheduler running. The e2e tests have to do manual nodeName assignment.
```

Reviewer: perhaps this documentation can be linked: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/main/contributors/devel/sig-node/e2e-node-tests.md

Author: will update

# Running tests

## Locally

Why run tests *locally*? It is much faster than running tests remotely.

Prerequisites:
- [containerd](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/docs/getting-started.md#installing-containerd-on-windows), 
containerd will need to be ran with admin privilege
- Working CNI
  - Ensure that you have a valid CNI configuration. For testing purposes, a [nat](https://www.jamessturtevant.com/posts/Windows-Containers-on-Windows-10-without-Docker-using-Containerd/) configuration should work. 

From the Kubernetes base directory, run with admin privilege:

> ```cmd

Reviewer: on Linux we highly recommend to use make file target as it configures proper log output folders

Author: Thanks for the info, tried with makefile sometime before but I remembered met with some issues on windows so switch to use the go build. But that is some time ago and we should definitely investigate later to check if we can make it work

go build -o ./test/e2e_node_windows/_output/kubelet.exe .\cmd\kubelet\ 

go build -o ./test/e2e_node_windows/_output/kube-log-runner.exe .\staging\src\k8s.io\component-base\logs\kube-log-runner

go test ./test/e2e_node_windows -c 

 .\e2e_node_windows.test.exe --bearer-token=vQIYfdCt7wIFOZtO --test.v --test.paniconexit0 --container-runtime-endpoint "npipe://./pipe/containerd-containerd" --prepull-images=false --ginkgo.focus "when creating a windows static pod" --k8s-bin-dir ./test/e2e_node_windows/_output/
```

It will run the specified windows e2e node tests, which will in turn:
- Build the Kuberlet source code

> - Start a local instance of *etcd*

Reviewer: should you mention that etcd needs to be in PATH?

Author: the fake api server and etcd are both auto started by the test itself, there is no need to manually set up etcd and apiserver

Reviewer: yes, but etcd needs to be in PATH for test to discover it

- Start a local instance of *kube-apiserver*
- Start a local instance of *kubelet*
- Run the test using the locally started processes

> - Output the test results to STDOUT

Reviewer: mention where log files can be found

Author: will add
